1. Title: Making Friends with LaTeX

2. Author: Rohit Vishal Kumar

3. Version: 2.00

4. Author Contact Address:

Rohit Vishal Kumar
Reader
Department of Marketing and Finance
Xavier Institute of Social Service
P.O. Box No: 7, Purulia Road
Ranchi - 834001 (Jharkhand) India

5. Email: rohitvishalkumar@yahoo.com

6. Introduction:

"Making Friends with LaTeX" (MFwL) started out as a small presentation, which i
used to introduce my students to LaTeX. However, with the release of Ver 1.00 
in Jauary 2006, I received a lot of feedback on the presentation and I 
therefore decided to extend it. The second version, made using the powerdot 
package, has been extended and currently this presentation stands at 64 slides; 
more than double from its first version

The objective of MFwL is to introduce new comers to LaTeX and make them aware 
of various aspects of working with LaTeX. It covers:

(a) LaTeX Advocacy
(b) LateX Document Structure
(c) Paragraph Mode and Math Mode
(d) Structuring the document
(e) Creating Tables, Graphics (in very short)
(f) BibTeX
(g) Recommendations for a LaTeX system
(h) References for further reading

It's objective is not to make a person expert in using LaTeX but to get the 
person interested in LaTeX by making him understand the LaTeX way of working. 
The intention is that once the person is comfortable with the idea s/he can 
then explore the wonders of LaTeX on his/her own pace

7. Feedback:

Please feel free to give your feedback. The Only request is that in the 
subject line please include "MFwL". This will help me filter mails and 
respond quickly

9. Date of Release: 9th October 2006

10. License: 
MFwL.tex
Copyright 2006 Rohit Vishal Kumar

This work may be distributed and/or modified under the
conditions of the LaTeX Project Public License, either version 1.3
of this license or (at your option) any later version.
The latest version of this license is in
http://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt
and version 1.3 or later is part of all distributions of LaTeX
version 2005/12/01 or later.

This work has the LPPL maintenance status `maintained'.

The Current Maintainer of this work is Rohit Vishal Kumar.

This work consists of the files:
1. MFwL.tex : The source code
2. transistor.eps : Encapsulated Postscript File (*)
3. transistor.bb : The Bounding Box information of transistor.eps
4. MFwL.pdf : The presentation
5. Readme.txt : The readme file

MFwL.dvi and MFwL.ps are derieved when the source is compiled using the 
LaTeX -> PS -> PDF route. These files are not included in the package but 
should be considered under the LPPL

* This file has been taken from the Ghostscript Distribution 

11. Special Thank You
I would also like to thanks Robin Fairbairns and Jim Hefferon (maintainers of
CTAN repository) for making suggestions about this presentation. 

12. Notice:
MFWL VERSION 1.00 IS DEPRECATED AND SHOULD NOT BE USED FURTHER. PLEASE UPDATE 
YOUR LINKS